{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16940\viewh14980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Portfolio Project: International Airbnb Data Analysis\
\
This project is focused on the analysis of a public Airbnb dataset from Kaggle. I took the data that was necessary from that file and split it into three tables: host_information, listing_reviews, and property_details importing them into a schema named: ProjectAirbnb. The price in the original dataset is based on each city\'92s currency, so I also created my own table to exchange these currencies: exchange_rates using the exchange rates that were current at the time the dataset was published. The dataset contains data from Airbnb listings in ten cities around the world. \
\
InternationalAirbnbDataAnalysis.sql - Contains the project. Created on MySQL.\
AirbnbPublicDataDictionary.csv - Contains dictionary for all terms.\
All the data is stored in Excel with each table having its own .csv file. I cleaned all the data in Excel.\
\
## Project Aim\
The primary objective of this project is to practice data aggregation and insights generation and find information about Airbnb that would be useful to me. The analysis delves into various aspects of the Airbnb industry, providing insights for potential hosts and stakeholders. Through a series of structured SQL queries and insightful analysis, the project uncovers key trends and patterns within the Airbnb ecosystem.\
\
## Key Findings\
- The analysis reveals pricing trends, prevalent property types, and factors influencing customer satisfaction in various cities.\
- It highlights the importance of accurate listings, cleanliness, and competitive pricing in ensuring a positive guest experience.\
- Insights into the competitive nature of the Airbnb market in different cities underscore the significance of maintaining high standards for hosts.\
\
## Methodology\
The project employs SQL queries and analysis of result sets to draw meaningful conclusions. By leveraging the dataset's rich information, the analysis emphasizes key metrics and factors influencing the success of Airbnb listings.\
\
## Dataset Source\
The dataset used in this analysis was obtained from Kaggle's public repository, and it provides a comprehensive view of the Airbnb market in 10 major cities worldwide.\
\
## License\
This project is licensed under the MIT License, granting users complete freedom to use, modify, and distribute the code.\
\
For any inquiries or feedback, please reach out to Ramy Batta at battaeramy@gmail.com\
\
}